Update go example to the latest version to keep in sync with client-go example. (#16536)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/access-cluster-api.md

#### Go client

> * To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-<Kubernetes version number>` See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) to see which versions are supported.

Author: @sftim 
The latest change is OK? 
If you have good suggestions, please tell to me. Thanks.

> * To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-<Kubernetes version number>` See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) to see which versions are supported.

Reviewer: To review this, I'd like to see maybe a link to a document that describes whether client-go releases match up with Kubernetes releases.

> * To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-<Kubernetes version number>` See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) to see which versions are supported.

Author: The README explains the problem.
The `note` section of the change is copied from README.

#### Go client

> * To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-<kubernetes-version-number>` See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) to see which versions are supported.

Reviewer: I'd like to know if this is always expected to work:
```suggestion
* To get the library, run the following command: `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-{{< param "fullversion" >}}`. See [https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go) to see which versions are supported.
```

Author: What is `param "fullversion"`?
I try to execute `go get k8s.io/client-go@kubernetes-1.16.1`, it is OK.

Reviewer: `{{< param "fullversion" >}}` is a [Hugo shortcode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/) that expands to the version of Kubernetes that the documentation is built against.

Author: I found the shortcode in the `tasks/tools/install-kubectl.md` and it was rendered to `v1.16.0`.
I test the version number. It does not work.

Reviewer: OK, that makes sense. Thanks for explaining, @diguage.

> * Write an application atop of the client-go clients. Note that client-go defines its own API objects, so if needed, please import API definitions from client-go rather than from the main repository, e.g., `import "k8s.io/client-go/kubernetes"` is correct.

Reviewer 2: Our [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) recommends against saying "please".
"so if needed, import API ..."

Author: Thank you for giving the style guide. Let me study it and then fix the change.

> * Write an application atop of the client-go clients. Note that client-go defines its own API objects, so if needed, import API definitions from client-go rather than from the main repository. For example, `import "k8s.io/client-go/kubernetes"` is correct.

Reviewer: This note:
> client-go defines its own API objects, so if needed, import API definitions from client-go rather than from the main repository. For example, `import "k8s.io/client-go/kubernetes"` is correct.

looks like a good candidate for a `{{< note >}}` shortcode.

Author: OK. Let me fix it.

{{< note >}}

> According to the [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go/blob/master/README.md) of the client-go's responsitory, the client-go's responsitory is still a mirror of [k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/src/client-go](k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/src/client-go), the code development is still done in the staging area. Since Kubernetes 1.8 release, when syncing the code from the staging area, we also sync the Kubernetes version tags to client-go, prefixed with "kubernetes-". For example, if you check out the kubernetes-1.15.3 tag in client-go, the code you get is exactly the same as if you check out the v1.15.3 tag in Kubernetes, and change directory to staging/src/k8s.io/client-go. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need the possessive for the client-go's repository.
Suggestion: the client-go repository.

> According to the [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go/blob/master/README.md) of the client-go's responsitory, the client-go's responsitory is still a mirror of [k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/src/client-go](k8s.io/kubernetes/staging/src/client-go), the code development is still done in the staging area. Since Kubernetes 1.8 release, when syncing the code from the staging area, we also sync the Kubernetes version tags to client-go, prefixed with "kubernetes-". For example, if you check out the kubernetes-1.15.3 tag in client-go, the code you get is exactly the same as if you check out the v1.15.3 tag in Kubernetes, and change directory to staging/src/k8s.io/client-go. 

Reviewer 2: Our style guide recommends against using "we". In this paragraph, I don't understand who "we" is. Can you adjust the phrasing to something like this:
Since the Kubernetes 1.8 release, the client-go library syncs ...

> According to the [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go/blob/master/README.md), the client-go responsitory is still a mirror of [https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/staging/src/k8s.io/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/staging/src/k8s.io/client-go), the code development is in the staging area. Since Kubernetes 1.8 release, the client-go library syncs the Kubernetes version tags to client-go when syncing the code from the staging area, prefixed with "kubernetes-". For example, if you check out the kubernetes-1.15.3 tag in client-go, the code you get is exactly the same as you check out the v1.15.3 tag in Kubernetes, and change directory to `staging/src/k8s.io/client-go`. 

Author: <https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/staging/src/k8s.io/client-go> maybe have an alias that begins with `k8s.io`. If so, please let me know the alias. Thanks.

> According to the [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go/blob/master/README.md), the client-go responsitory is still a mirror of [https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/staging/src/k8s.io/client-go](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/staging/src/k8s.io/client-go), the code development is in the staging area. Since Kubernetes 1.8 release, the client-go library syncs the Kubernetes version tags to client-go when syncing the code from the staging area, prefixed with "kubernetes-". For example, if you check out the kubernetes-1.15.3 tag in client-go, the code you get is exactly the same as you check out the v1.15.3 tag in Kubernetes, and change directory to `staging/src/k8s.io/client-go`. 

Reviewer: I wonder if this explanation is needed in the page. I do want to have the information about version numbering clarified in this PR, so that reviewers can make sure it's the right change to make.

Author: OK. I got it.
